"Cleaned and Tidy" Dataset Compiled From UCI HAR Dataset


The original dataset has been modified to remove all numeric data not containing a mean or standard deviation of measurements.  The data presented in "tinyData.txt" contains an average value for each mean or standard deviation measurement listed in the "features.txt" document included in this repo.  Details on the original "features.txt" are available in the "features_info.txt" which describes the values in more detail.

The "tinyData.txt" file mentioned above contains a single record for each Subject in the experiment, for which there 30 Subjects.  Each Subject participated in 6 different activities, including:

LAYING
SITTING
STANDING
WALKING
WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
WALKING_UPSTAIRS

For each Activity and Subject, the averages of the following variables are presented:

tBodyAcc mean X
tBodyAcc mean Y
tBodyAcc mean Z
tGravityAcc mean X
tGravityAcc mean Y
tGravityAcc mean Z
tBodyAccJerk mean X
tBodyAccJerk mean Y
tBodyAccJerk mean Z
tBodyGyro mean X
tBodyGyro mean Y
tBodyGyro mean Z
tBodyGyroJerk mean X
tBodyGyroJerk mean Y
tBodyGyroJerk mean Z
tBodyAccMag mean
tGravityAccMag mean
tBodyAccJerkMag mean
tBodyGyroMag mean
tBodyGyroJerkMag mean
fBodyAcc mean X
fBodyAcc mean Y
fBodyAcc mean Z
fBodyAcc meanFreq X
fBodyAcc meanFreq Y
fBodyAcc meanFreq Z
fBodyAccJerk mean X
fBodyAccJerk mean Y
fBodyAccJerk mean Z
fBodyAccJerk meanFreq X
fBodyAccJerk meanFreq Y
fBodyAccJerk meanFreq Z
fBodyGyro mean X
fBodyGyro mean Y
fBodyGyro mean Z
fBodyGyro meanFreq X
fBodyGyro meanFreq Y
fBodyGyro meanFreq Z
fBodyAccMag mean
fBodyAccMag meanFreq
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag mean
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag meanFreq
fBodyBodyGyroMag mean
fBodyBodyGyroMag meanFreq
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag mean
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag meanFreq
angle(tBodyAccMean,gravity)
angle(tBodyAccJerkMean),gravityMean)
angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean)
angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean)
angle(X,gravityMean)
angle(Y,gravityMean)
angle(Z,gravityMean)
tBodyAcc std X
tBodyAcc std Y
tBodyAcc std Z
tGravityAcc std X
tGravityAcc std Y
tGravityAcc std Z
tBodyAccJerk std X
tBodyAccJerk std Y
tBodyAccJerk std Z
tBodyGyro std X
tBodyGyro std Y
tBodyGyro std Z
tBodyGyroJerk std X
tBodyGyroJerk std Y
tBodyGyroJerk std Z
tBodyAccMag std
tGravityAccMag std
tBodyAccJerkMag std
tBodyGyroMag std
tBodyGyroJerkMag std
fBodyAcc std X
fBodyAcc std Y
fBodyAcc std Z
fBodyAccJerk std X
fBodyAccJerk std Y
fBodyAccJerk std Z
fBodyGyro std X
fBodyGyro std Y
fBodyGyro std Z
fBodyAccMag std
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag std
fBodyBodyGyroMag std
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag std
